
currently, I have the problem that the compiler may need to dynamically fetch files that are not explicitly
imported by the file that we're currently compiling. 
This is an issue when we're compiling files that import files from other packages, as then we suddenly need
to know what packages this library depends on, which I don't think is a good idea as that blurs the line 
between the compiler and the build tool. 


while talking to agomatam, he brought up the point that it may be better to restrict my file dependencies
to a DAG. 
If we do this, the build tool can figure out a topological ordering in which to compile all files in the project
Furthermore, if we do some extra work, we may be able to make it so that we don't have to dynamically fetch 
files apart from the ones that are imported. 
The idea is that once a file is compiled, it'll emit some extra information which its dependents can read
to compile themselves. 
I suppose I'll also have to restrict my package dependencies to a DAG, but the build tool can also handle that. 

of course, this requires all file dependencies to be a DAG, I'll have to analyze existing projects to see
if that is feasible to do. 

probably the more difficult challenge is to actually implement this one-pass compilation. 
I can see how to handle most things, but the one thing I'm having trouble handling is templates. 
Currently, templates depend on this dynamic import fetching because I have to reconstruct the compilation
context of whatever file defined the template in order to compile a template instantiation. 
And compiling an instantiated template could cause another template to be instantiated from some other 
random file. 

hmm, without actually doing type analysis on template code, I don't see how I'm going to restrict myself to
only parsing direct imports. 
when substituting the template type with a concrete one, we may also need to resolve some function calls. 
and anyways, we'll also need to create concrete versions of whatever templated stuff we produce as a result
of instantiating a template, so we'll need to have access to templated methods from outside our direct imports. 


another solution is to let the compiler know about projects. 
This comes with its own issues, as we're now blurring the line between compiler and build tool. 
at what point does this stop? should the compiler be allowed to dynamically fetch packages from online?
should it be allowed to dynamically build dependencies?

I think a better solution is to just let the build tool know about projects, and let the build tool feed the
compiler a fully resolved package dependency graph. 
The compiler shouldn't know how packages work, it should just know for each file, how to resolve its includes
so the compiler would have a struct something like 
```
struct Package {
    std::string name;
    std::string alias;
    std::string root;
    std::vector<Package*> dependencies;
};
```
and it would accept commandline arguments like
```
--package <name> <alias> <root>
--package-dependency <name> <dependency>
```
then, --current-package will just give the name of some package in the provided dependency graph. 
if no --current-package is provided, then a 'default package' will be manufactured and will have 
exactly one dependency, the jank stdlib (unless overridden)


TODO analyze jank-os to see how its dependency graph is looking like
see if it's feasible to transition into a DAG graph. 



